About 2,510,000,000 results (0.60 seconds)
Search Results
Web results

Leave with - Idioms by The Free Dictionaryidioms.thefreedictionary.com › leave+with
To depart some place while accompanying or being accompanied by someone. He arrived with Stacey, but I think he left with Lacey. A: "Where did you end up ...

Leave someone with - Idioms by The Free Dictionaryidioms.thefreedictionary.com › leave+someone+with
Definition of leave someone with in the Idioms Dictionary. leave someone with phrase. What does leave someone with expression mean? Definitions by the ...

Leave somebody with - Idioms by The Free Dictionaryidioms.thefreedictionary.com › leave+somebody+with
Definition of leave somebody with in the Idioms Dictionary. leave somebody with phrase. What does leave somebody with expression mean? Definitions by the ...
People also ask
What does it mean to leave someone?

What does it mean to leave something?

What is the verb of leave?

Will be left Meaning?

Feedback
Web results

Leave someone something vs leave someone with something - ELL ...ell.stackexchange.com › questions › leave-someone-something-vs-lea...
2 answers
Mar 13, 2019 - The first sentence implies that the typewriter was left as part of the grandfather's will. If you are left something after a relative dies, you inherit it.

LEAVE (verb) definition and synonyms | Macmillan Dictionarywww.macmillandictionary.com › dictionary › american › leave_1
What is LEAVE (verb)? LEAVE (verb) meaning, pronunciation and more by Macmillan Dictionary. ... leave someone to do something: I'll leave you to get on with ...
He/she/it‎: ‎leaves	Past participle‎: ‎left
Past tense‎: ‎left	Present participle‎: ‎leaving

LEAVE SOMEONE (WITH) NO CHOICE (phrase) definition ...www.macmillandictionary.com › dictionary › american › leave-some...
What is LEAVE SOMEONE (WITH) NO CHOICE (phrase)? LEAVE SOMEONE (WITH) NO CHOICE (phrase) meaning, pronunciation and more by Macmillan ...

LEAVE STH FOR/TO SB | meaning in the Cambridge English ...dictionary.cambridge.org › dictionary › english › leave-sth-for-to-sb
3 days ago - leave sth for/to sb definition: 1. to give someone responsibility for dealing with something: 2. to give someone the…. Learn more.

Leave definition and meaning | Collins English Dictionarywww.collinsdictionary.com › dictionary › english › leave
If you leave something or someone in a particular place, you let them remain there when you go away. If you leave something or someone with a person, you let ...

Leave Someone (with) No/little Choice | Definition of Leave ...www.merriam-webster.com › dictionary › leave someone (with) no
to make it necessary for someone to do something I don't want to punish you, but your actions leave me (with) no/little choice.

leave someone (with) no choice synonyms with definition ...www.macmillanthesaurus.com › leave-someone-with-no-choice
Synonyms for 'leave someone (with) no choice': limit, tie down, control, hamper, fence in, constrain, pen in, bind, infringe, fetter, box in.
Searches related to leave with someone
leave with something meaning

leave someone quotes

leave it to you

how to pronounce leave